Add notes from What's new in Swift session (#44)
Blackjacx/WWDC: README.md

Feel free to submit a `PR` if I got something wrong or you have a suggestion for improvement. Please also have a look in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) if you want to contribute.

Thanks so much to EVERYBODY who contributed and improved the overall quality of the notes and those who added complete notes to the list:

> [@mcichecki](https://github.com/mcichecki)

Reviewer: This year i don't maintain the contributors list since the new Github Design shows them nicely at the right sidebar (you can enable this by tapping on your avatar and select `feature previews`). The colon behind `list` was planned to be a `.`. So pleae take it easy when I remove this line after the PR is merged.

	- Support added for non-TrueDepth iPhones
	- Requires A12 processor or later
	- iPhone SE (2020)

## What's new in Swift

https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10170/

_Ted Kremenek, Kyle Macomber_

- **Swift Releases**
  - Xcode 11.4 - Swift 5.2
  - Xcode 12 (beta) - Swift 5.3

- **Runtime Performance**
  - Code Size

>     - Code size is the part of the app that represnts the machine code representation of the app's logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Code size is the part of the app that represents the machine code representation of the app's logic
```

    - Size difference is inevitable because of Swift safety features
    - SwiftUI app binary code size can be reduced by 40% (based on MoviesSwiftUI app)
  - Memory Layout
    - Comparing models with three properties in Obj-C (`NSUUID`, `NSString` and `float`) and Swift (`UUID`, `String`, `Float`)
    - In Obj-C object variables are just pointers which then hold pointer to ther properties
    - Swift's use of value types avoid the need to access values via pointers (UUID and Strings)
    - Significant memory benefit because it is allocated directly within array storage (contiguous block of memory)
    - Heap memory use comparison: 20kB in Swift 5.1 vs 35kB in Obj-C (400 models in array)
    - Swift's Standard Library now is below Foundation in the Stack

- **Diagnostics**
  - New diagnostics in the Swift compiler result in more precise and actionable errors
  - Additional notes in error messages (SwiftUI as an example)
  - More info on [swift.org](https://swift.org/blog/new-diagnostic-arch-overview/)

- **Code completion**
  - Much better code completion thanks to improvements in SourceKit

>   - Code completion for dictionary literals, ternarry expressions and more dynamic features like keypaths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Code completion for dictionary literals, ternary expressions and more dynamic features like key paths
```
